[CI:DOCS] UPDATE manpages with MANPAGE_SYNTAX (#10676)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-container-restore.1.md

## SYNOPSIS
**podman container restore** [*options*] *container* [*container* ...]

## DESCRIPTION
**podman container restore** restores a container from a checkpoint. The *container IDs* or *names* are used as input.

## OPTIONS
#### **--all**, **-a**

Restore all checkpointed *containers*.\
The default is **false**.\
*IMPORTANT: This OPTION does not need a container name or ID as input argument.*

#### **--keep**, **-k**

Keep all temporary log and statistics files created by `CRIU` during
checkpointing as well as restoring. These files are not deleted if restoring
fails for further debugging. If restoring succeeds these files are
theoretically not needed, but if these files are needed Podman can keep the
files for further analysis. This includes the checkpoint directory with all
files created during checkpointing. The size required by the checkpoint
directory is roughly the same as the amount of memory required by the
processes in the checkpointed *container*.\
Without the **--keep**, **-k** option the checkpoint will be consumed and cannot be used again.\
The default is **false**.

#### **--latest**, **-l**

> Instead of providing the *container ID* or *name*, use the last created *container*. If other methods than Podman are used to run *containers* such as `CRI-O`, the last started *container* could be from either of those methods.\

Reviewer: I think I like tool here instead of method.  Thoughts?

```suggestion
Instead of providing the *container ID* or *name*, use the last created *container*. If tools other than Podman are used to run *containers* such as `CRI-O`, the last started *container* could be from either tools.\
```

Author: Changed it.

with **--ip** during *container* creation.

The default is **false**.

#### **--ignore-static-mac**

If the *container* was started with **--mac-address** the restored *container* also
tries to use that MAC address and restore fails if that MAC address is already
in use. This can happen, if a *container* is restored multiple times from an
exported checkpoint with **--name, -n**.

Using **--ignore-static-mac** tells Podman to ignore the MAC address if it was
configured with **--mac-address** during *container* creation.

The default is **false**.

#### **--ignore-volumes**

This option must be used in combination with the **--import, -i** option.
When restoring *containers* from a checkpoint tar.gz file with this option,
the content of associated volumes will not be restored.\
The default is **false**.

#### **--import**, **-i**=*file*

Import a checkpoint tar.gz file, which was exported by Podman. This can be used
to import a checkpointed *container* from another host.\
*IMPORTANT: This OPTION does not need a container name or ID as input argument.*

#### **--import-previous**=*file*

Import a pre-checkpoint tar.gz file which was exported by Podman. This option

> must be used with **-i** or **--import**. It only works on `runc 1.0-rc3` or `higher`.

Reviewer: @mheon @rhatdan is the runc requirement true?  Doesn't this work on crun too?

Author: An answer would be great. Everything else is ready to go.
